# SCRF Blockchain Research Mentor

The [Smart Contract Research Forum](https://www.smartcontractresearch.org/) (SCRF) is hiring a part-time Blockchain Research Mentor to join the Content Team. The ideal candidate will contribute to mentoring content contributors at SCRF.

SCRF is seeking a highly motivated individual who has insight into the state-of-the-art blockchain technology advancement, an interest in research discussions, and a passion for mentoring blockchain research enthusiasts.

## SCRF Mission

SCRF is a premier, open discourse hub dedicated to web3 advancement with tools in place to amplify the latest quality research, reward contributions, deliver insights, and facilitate industry connections. Composed of an active international community, SCRF connects academic researchers with blockchain innovators to collaborate on solutions.

## Role Summary

The Blockchain Research Mentor will use their expertise in blockchain to guide research content creation on the forum. By working closely with individual SCRF's community members, the mentor will propose, review, and guide mentees to write about focused topics on the forum. The Blockchain Research Mentor helps curate research content to be accurate and insightful.

## Responsibilities

The Blockchain Research Mentor is expected to:

* Propose ideas for web3 research content that aligns with SCRF's mission
* Review and improve research content ideas generated by the community
* Help define the scope of content to ensure it fits a clear timeline from start to completion
* Provide constructive feedback and guidance for contributors creating ongoing research content
* Offer insight around the importance and relevancy of a piece of research to the challenges faced in the blockchain/web3 space

## Qualifications

SCRF is looking for someone who has knowledge of technical discipline related to blockchain, web3, or cryptocurrencies.

Qualified candidates have:

* An academic background (preferably) or equivalent years of work experience
* A general understanding of blockchain-related research spaces is necessary for this role or a specialization in a sub-field of blockchain research
* Experience or strong interest in science communication
* Clear communication skills and willingness to use chat, video, and email to coordinate with team members and mentees
* The ability to work with a remote and globally distributed team

## Compensation and Logistics

Work at SCRF includes:

* Fully remote location
* Negotiable, competitive pay at $30-50/hour to start
* Part-time (10-15 hours) to start, opportunities to increase with time
* Compensation in cryptocurrency preferred

## How to Apply

To apply for this role, please join SCRF's chat and follow the instructions below. Further application instructions are available on [💲start-here](https://discord.com/channels/784234332617048065/962841663246585896) and [🚅start-here](https://discord.com/channels/784234332617048065/968215614550323210) channels.

To begin the application process:

1. Join SCRF's [chat](https://discord.gg/vNmbPmYEwj).
2. Use the [🎫apply-here](https://discord.com/channels/784234332617048065/968212285178916914) channel to start an application.
3. Click on "Start Application".
4. Follow the prompts, include the name of the role and a link to a CV, resume, or portfolio.
5. Submit a blurb (1-2 paragraphs) about why you are interested in this position.

The Onboarding and Hiring Teams will respond to the application with next steps to start working with SCRF. Reach out to [onboarding@scrf.io](mailto:onboarding@scrf.io) with any additional questions.

## Learn More About SCRF

SCRF is an interactive forum supported by an active international community. SCRF's members work together to advance actionable blockchain research. [Learn](https://github.com/smartcontractresearchforum/docs) more about SCRF, and discover ways to [get involved](https://github.com/smartcontractresearchforum/docs/blob/main/en/content_connecting_with_scrf.md).
